Add howto add a dependency to README.md (#54)
plone/plone.distribution: README.md

}
```

#### How to add an add-on

> If you want to add a Plone backend add-on to your Plone distribution you have to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add a Plone backend add-on to your Plone distribution, then you must perform the following steps.
```

> Add your add on (e.g. collective.person) to your setup.py:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add your add-on, such as `collective.person`, to your `setup.py`:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```python
````

    install_requires=[
        "setuptools",
        "Plone",
        "plone.distribution>=1.0.0b2",
        "plone.api",
        "collective.person",
    ],
```

> Add it to your dependencies.zcml:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add it to your `dependencies.zcml`:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```xml
````

  <!-- List all packages you depend here -->
  <include package="plone.volto" />
  <include package="plone.restapi" />
  <include package="collective.person" />
  <include package="plone.distribution" />

</configure>
```

> Add it to your profiles.json:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add it to your `profiles.json`:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```json
````
